Publications
================

This list is updated regularly. I also maintain \[scholar\]
(<https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&pli=1&user=5pxjNGYAAAAJ>)
and \[OrcID\] (<https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9713-2330>) pages.

<div id="refs" class="references csl-bib-body hanging-indent"
line-spacing="2">

<div id="ref-cross2020secondary" class="csl-entry">

Cross, W., K. Henderson, J. Junker, and E. Scholl. 2020. Secondary
production. technical report, Oxford University Press.

</div>

<div id="ref-dandrilli2019composition" class="csl-entry">

D’NAAndrilli, J., J. Junker, H. Smith, E. Scholl, and C. Forema. 2019.
DOM composition alters ecosystem function during microbial processing of
isolated sources. Biogeochemistry 142:281–298.

</div>

<div id="ref-hood2018increased" class="csl-entry">

Hood, J., J. Benstead, W. Cross, A. Huryn, P. Johnson, G. G’ıslason, J.
Junker, D. Nelson, J. ’Olafsson, and C. Tran. 2018. Increased resource
use efficiency amplifies positive response of aquatic primary production
to experimental warming. Global Change Biology 24:1069–1084.

</div>

<div id="ref-junker2014seasonality" class="csl-entry">

Junker, J., and W. Cross. 2014. Seasonality in the trophic basis of a
temperate stream invertebrate assemblage: Importance of temperature and
food quality. Limnology and Oceanography 59:507–518.

</div>

<div id="ref-nelson2020contrasting" class="csl-entry">

Junker, J., W. Cross, J. Benstead, A. Huryn, J. Hood, D. Nelson, G.
G’ıslason, and J. ’Olafsson. 2020. Contrasting responses of black fly
species (diptera: Simuliidae) to experimental whole-stream warming.
Freshwater Biology 65:1793–1805.

</div>

<div id="ref-junker2021flow" class="csl-entry">

Junker, J., W. Cross, J. Benstead, A. Huryn, J. Hood, D. Nelson, G.
G’ıslason, and J. Olafsson. 2021. Flow is more important than
temperature in driving patterns of organic matter storage and
stoichiometry in stream ecosystems. Ecosystems 24:1317–1331.

</div>

<div id="ref-nelson2017experimental" class="csl-entry">

Nelson, D., J. Benstead, A. Huryn, W. Cross, J. Hood, P. Johnson, J.
Junker, G. G’ıslason, and J. ’Olafsson. 2017a. Experimental whole-stream
warming alters community size structure. Global Change Biology
23:2618–2628.

</div>

<div id="ref-nelson2017shifts" class="csl-entry">

Nelson, D., J. Benstead, A. Huryn, W. Cross, J. Hood, P. Johnson, J.
Junker, G. G’ıslason, and J. ’Olafsson. 2017b. Shifts in community size
structure drive temperature invariance of secondary production in a
stream-warming experiment. Ecology 98:1797–1806.

</div>

<div id="ref-junker2020resource" class="csl-entry">

Nelson, D., J. Benstead, A. Huryn, W. Cross, J. Hood, P. Johnson, J.
Junker, G. G’ıslason, and J. ’Olafsson. 2020a. Resource supply governs
the apparent temperature dependence of animal production in stream
ecosystems. Ecology letters 23:1809–1819.

</div>

<div id="ref-nelson2020thermal" class="csl-entry">

Nelson, D., J. Benstead, A. Huryn, W. Cross, J. Hood, P. Johnson, J.
Junker, G. G’ıslason, and J. ’Olafsson. 2020b. Thermal niche diversity
and trophic redundancy drive neutral effects of warming on energy flux
through a stream food web. Ecology 101.

</div>

<div id="ref-ogorman2012impacts" class="csl-entry">

O’Gorman, E., D. Pichler, G. Adams, J. Benstead, H. Cohen, N. Craig, W.
Cross, B. Demars, N. Friberg, G. Gislason, R. Gudmundsdottir, A.
Hawczak, J. Hood, L. Hudson, L. Johansson, M. Johansson, J. Junker, A.
Laurila, J. Manson, E. Mavromati, D. Nelson, J. Olafsson, D. Perkins, O.
Petchey, M. Plebani, D. Reuman, B. Rall, R. Stewart, M. Thompson, and G.
Woodward. 2012. Impacts of warming on the structure and functioning of
aquatic communities: Individual-to ecosystem-level responses. Advances
in ecological research 47:81–176.

</div>

<div id="ref-pomeranz2021spatiotemporal" class="csl-entry">

Pomeranz, J., J. Junker, and J. Wesner. 2021. Spatiotemporal variability
of abundance size-spectra in streams across north america. technical
report, Authorea Preprints.

</div>

<div id="ref-pomeranz2022individual" class="csl-entry">

Pomeranz, J., J. Junker, and J. Wesner. 2022. Individual size
distributions across north american streams vary with local temperature.
Global change biology 28:848–858.

</div>

<div id="ref-reinert2022influence" class="csl-entry">

Reinert, J., L. Albertson, and J. Junker. 2022. Influence of biomimicry
structures on ecosystem function in a rocky mountain incised stream.
Ecosphere 13.

</div>

<div id="ref-scholl2021human" class="csl-entry">

Scholl, E., W. Cross, J. Junker, M. MacDonald, J. Sanchez-Ruiz, B.
Tumolo, and M. Whiles. 2021. Are human remediation efforts responsible
for increases in insect abundance?

</div>

</div>
